Document catch all routes (#214)
vmware-labs/wasm-workers-server: docs/docs/features/dynamic-routes.md

## Catch-all routes

Catch-all routes are route segments that can be matched with any path segment on the route. For example, you can use catch-all routes by having a directory structure like the following:

```
$ tree .
.
└── [...slug]
    └── index.js
```

This means, that the JavaScript worker at `[...slug]/index.js` will serve any path beneath. You can mix and match specific routes with catch-all routes. For example, given the following directory structure:

```
$ tree .
.
├── about.js
└── [...slug]
    └── index.js
```

In this example, two workers are fulfilling HTTP requests:

- `/about` is served by the `about.js` worker.
- Anything else under `/` is served by the `[...slug]/index.js` worker.

You can also place multiple catch-all routes as long as they are splitted by a non-catch-all segment. For example:

```
$ tree .
.
├── about.js
├── other
│   └── [...slug]
│       └── index.js
└── [...slug]
    └── index.js
```

Here, we have the same structure as in the previous example, but we have two catch-all, under two different roots:

- One catch-all, `[...slug]/index.js` is serving all requests, except for requests whose path starts with `/about` or `/other`.

> - Another catch-all, `other/[...slug]/index.js` serves all requests under the `/other` path.

Reviewer: This is great @ereslibre ! I would add some examples in which the segments are defined in the file directly (`[...slug].js`).

### Routing priority

> Given catch-all routes could potentially shadow other routes, it is important to settle precedence when routing requests. The rule of thumb is more specific routes win. This is, a route with no catch-all will always against a route with catch-all when they are at the same depth.

Reviewer: Minor suggestions:

```suggestion
Given catch-all routes could potentially shadow other routes, it is important to settle precedence when routing requests. **The rule of thumb is more specific routes win**. For example, a route with no catch-all will always against a route with catch-all when they are at the same depth.
```
